<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE troubleshooting PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Troubleshooting//EN" "troubleshooting.dtd">
<troubleshooting id="id">
    <title>Introduction</title>
    <troublebody><troubleSolution><cause>
        <p> ChronologyAndorraChronology 768&amp;ndash;814Reign of Charles &amp;lsquo;the
                    Great&amp;rsquo; (Charlemagne), the ruler of the Franks and the first Holy Roman
                    Emperor. </p>
        <p>He purportedly granted Andorra a charter guaranteeing its independence. 839 The Act of
                    Consecration of the cathedral in the Spanish town of Urgell referred to the six
                    parishes of Andorra&amp;mdash;the Count of Urgell had assumed suzerainty over
                    Andorra following the fracturing of the Frankish realm. </p>
                <p>1133 The Count of Urgell ceded the six parishes of Andorra to the Bishop of
                    Urgell. 1159 The Count of Foix, a French nobleman whose territory included much
                    of the Pyrenean region near Andorra, laid claim to the parishes; he gained
                    recognition of certain rights, but the dispute remained a source of conflict. </p>
        <p>1278 A Pareatge (contract or feudal agreement) was signed, sponsored by the King of
            Aragon, providing for Andorran independence, under the joint sovereignty of the Count of
            Foix and the Bishop of Urgell, who were to be paid tribute in alternate years. 1288 A
            second Pareatge was signed, which confirmed the agreement of 1278 and first referred to
            the sovereigns of Andorra as the Copr&amp;iacute;nceps (Co-Princes). </p>
        <p>1419 The Co-Princes granted an Andorran request for the formation of a representative
            body for the debate of local issues; the Consell de la Terra (Council of the Land, later
            the Consell General de les Valls d&amp;rsquo;Andorra&amp;mdash;General Council of the
            Valleys of Andorra) comprised four members from each parish, elected by the heads of the
            leading families in that parish. 1589 Henry of Bourbon, who had inherited the title of
            Count of Foix, ascended the French throne as Henry IV; the French monarch, therefore,
            became one of Andorra&amp;rsquo;s Co-Princes (Henry&amp;rsquo;s son and successor, Louis
            XIII, reaffirmed Andorra&amp;rsquo;s status). 1793 The proclamation of a republic in
            France left the title of French Co-Prince unclaimed, provoking Andorran fears of
            subordination to Spain. 1806 Napoleon Bonaparte, who had proclaimed himself Emperor of
            France, issued a decree by which he assumed the title of Co-Prince of Andorra. </p>
        <p>1870 With the final restoration of a republic, the President of France became the French
            Co-Prince of Andorra. 1912 Local defiance of the episcopal Co-Prince was provoked by his
            attempt to ban the vital tobacco trade. 1933 A Russian &amp;eacute;migr&amp;eacute;,
            Boris Skosirev, attempted to proclaim himself King Boris I of Andorra, with some
            influential local support. The Bishop of Urgell sent troops to remove Skosirev from the
            Principality and the General Council was dissolved by the Andorran judicial authorities.
            The French Government subsequently sent forces to maintain order and the General Council
            was re-established. </p>
        <table frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_szx_mvy_3xb">
            <title>Sample Taable</title>
            <tgroup cols="2" align="center">
                <colspec colname="c1" colnum="1" colwidth="1*"/>
                <colspec colname="c2" colnum="2" colwidth="1*"/>
                <thead>
                    <row>
                        <entry>Oxygen</entry>
                        <entry>XML</entry>
                    </row>
                </thead>
                <tbody>
                    <row>
                        <entry>XML</entry>
                        <entry>XLST</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>XSD</entry>
                        <entry>DTD</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry>DITA</entry>
                        <entry>XPATH</entry>
                    </row>
                </tbody>
            </tgroup>
        </table>
        <p>1970 Women&amp;rsquo;s suffrage was introduced; in the following year the voting age was
            lowered from 25 to 21 years. 1978 A seventh parish, Escaldes-Engordany, was created and
            the membership of the General Council was correspondingly expanded from 24 to 28.
            January 1982 An executive body, known as the Govern d&amp;rsquo;Andorra (Government of
            Andorra) was formed from within the General Council, with Oscar Ribas Reig as Cap de
            Govern (Head of Government).</p>
        <p> April 1984 Ribas was forced to resign upon the failure of his plan to introduce income
            tax. He was replaced in May by Josep Pintat Solans. January 1986 Pintat was re-elected
            to the post of Head of Government, following a general election the previous month.
            January 1990 Following a general election in December 1989, the General Council elected
            Ribas to his second term as Head of Government. </p>
        <p>4 May 1993 Andorra&amp;rsquo;s first Constitution was promulgated, following its approval
            by 74.2% of those participating in a referendum held in March. The Co-Princes remained
            nominally sovereign, political parties and trade unions were legalized and proportional
            representation was introduced for the election of 14 of the 28 members of the General
            Council. Ambassadors were exchanged with France and Spain. 28 July 1993 Andorra was
            admitted to the United Nations. November 1994 Ribas&amp;rsquo; taxation and budget
            proposals were defeated in the General Council and a motion of no confidence in the
            Government was passed; Ribas resigned the premiership and was succeeded by Marc
            Forn&amp;eacute; Moln&amp;eacute;, who formed a minority Government. 16 February 1997 At
            a general election, Forn&amp;eacute;&amp;rsquo;s Uni&amp;oacute; Liberal
            (UL&amp;mdash;Liberal Union) won 18 of the 28 seats in the General Council and returned
            to power; Forn&amp;eacute; formed a new Government, with an increased number of
            ministers and portfolios.</p>
        <p> 4 March 2001 The Partit Liberal d&amp;rsquo;Andorra (PLA&amp;mdash;Andorran Liberal
            Party, formerly the UL) won 15 of the 28 seats in the General Council at a general
            election. Forn&amp;eacute; was re-elected Head of Government by the Council. 12 May 2003
            Joan Enric Vives i Sic&amp;iacute;lia succeeded Joan Mart&amp;iacute; Alanis as the
            Bishop of Urgell and episcopal Co-Prince. 24 April 2005 The PLA secured 14 seats in the
            General Council, while the Partit Socialdem&amp;ograve;crata (PS&amp;mdash;Social
            Democratic Party) won 12 and a coalition of two centrist parties took the two remaining
            seats. A new PLA Government took office on 8 June under Albert Pintat
            Santol&amp;agrave;ria. 6 May 2007 Nicolas Sarkozy succeeded Jacques Chirac as President
            of the French Republic and French Co-Prince.</p>
        <p> 26 April 2009 At the general election the PS became the largest party in the General
            Council for the first time, winning 14 of the 28 seats; the Coalici&amp;oacute;
            Reformista (CR&amp;mdash;Reformist Coalition, led by the PLA) took 11 seats and Andorra
            pel Canvi (ApC&amp;mdash;Andorra for Change) won three. Jaume Bartumeu Cassany, the
            leader of the PS, took office as Head of Government on 5 June. 16 December 2009 ApC
            announced that it would not support the Government&amp;rsquo;s budget for 2010 in the
            General Council. 3 April 2011 At a general election, prompted by the
            Government&amp;rsquo;s failure to secure sufficient support for its budget,
            Dem&amp;ograve;crates per Andorra (DA&amp;mdash;Democrats for Andorra, the successor
            alliance to the CR) won an overwhelming majority, securing 20 seats in the General
            Council. The PS retained just six seats, while the remaining two were won by a local
            conservative group, the Uni&amp;oacute; Laurediana. Antoni Mart&amp;iacute; Petit, the
            leader of the DA, was inaugurated as Head of Government on 12 May. </p>
        <p>30 June 2011 The Andorran Government signed a formal monetary agreement with the European
            Union (EU), which declared the euro to be Andorra&amp;rsquo;s official currency and
            permitted the Principality to issue its own euro coins from 1 July 2013. (Owing to
            bureaucratic delays, the introduction of the Andorran-minted euro was postponed.) 1
            March 2015 At a general election the DA retained its majority in the General Council
            with 15 seats. Liberals d&amp;rsquo;Andorra, a new grouping established by former PLA
            members, secured eight seats, while a coalition between the PS, Greens and independents
            won three, and newly formed Socialdemocr&amp;agrave;cia i Progr&amp;eacute;s
            d&amp;rsquo;Andorra (Social Democracy and Progress) secured two. Mart&amp;iacute;
            remained in office as Head of Government. </p>
        <p>11 March 2015 The Government assumed control of Banca Privada d&amp;rsquo;Andorra (BPA),
            the Principality&amp;rsquo;s fourth largest bank, following allegations by financial
            authorities in the USA that it had been involved in money laundering activities. 12
            February 2016 The Government signed an agreement with the EU that aimed to reduce tax
            evasion by allowing the exchange of information on residents&amp;rsquo; financial assets
            and income. </p>
        <p>The regulations came into force in 2018. 14 May 2017 Emmanuel Macron succeeded
            Fran&amp;ccedil;ois Hollande as President of the French Republic and French Co-Prince. 7
            April 2019 At a general election the DA remained the largest party with 11 seats on the
            General Council, but failed to secure a majority. The PS and Liberals
            d&amp;rsquo;Andorra won seven and four seats, respectively, and smaller parties and
            independents won the remainder. Xavier Espot Zamora, former Minister of Social Affairs,
            Justice and the Interior, took office as Head of Government on 16 May. 13 September 2019
            French President Macron made an official visit to Andorra, the first such visit since
            2014. 9 January 2020 Andorra formally requested to join the International Monetary Fund. </p>
        <p>14 March 2020 The Government introduced measures to contain the spread of the coronavirus
            disease COVID-19. 1 July 2022 A new tourist tax came into force. The levy would be
            charged on all foreign nationals staying in tourist accommodation in the country for the
            first seven days of their stay. </p>
    </cause></troubleSolution></troublebody>
</troubleshooting>